fix(docs): descriptions of `getOriginalFwdFee()` and `Context.readForwardFee()` functions (#2521)
tact-lang/tact: docs/src/content/docs/ref/core-gas.mdx

fun getOriginalFwdFee(fwdFee: Int, isMasterchain: Bool): Int;
```

> Calculates and returns the so-called _original_ [forward fee][forward-fee] in [nanoToncoin][nano] [`Int{:tact}`][int] for an outgoing message based on the given `fwdFee`, which can be obtained from the incoming message. If both the source and the destination addresses are in the [basechain][basechain], specify `isMasterchain` as `false{:tact}`. Otherwise, specify `true{:tact}`.

Reviewer: > Calculates and returns the so-called _original_ [forward fee][forward-fee] in [nanoToncoin][nano] [`Int{:tact}`][int] for an outgoing message

I think we should make it clear that at its core this function doesn't have anything to do with outgoing message, it's just happens we can use it this way. In my opinion current phrasing could be misleading

The result is computed using the [`first_frac`][param-24-25] value, which is obtained from [config param 24 for the masterchain and config param 25 for the basechain][param-24-25] of TON Blockchain. Due to the current value of `first_frac` for all workchains, this function performs a cheaper equivalent calculation of `fwdFee * 3 / 2`. This ratio might change, so it is better not to hardcode it and use this function instead.

> This function can be useful when the outgoing message depends heavily on the structure of the incoming message, so much so that you cannot fully predict the fee using [`getForwardFee(){:tact}`](#getforwardfee) alone. Even if you could, calculating the exact fee with [nanoToncoin][nano]-level precision can be very expensive, so the approximation given by this function is often good enough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function can be useful when the outgoing message depends heavily on the structure of the incoming message, so you can try to approximate the forward fee for your outgoing message based on the fee that previous sender paid. Calculating the exact fee with [nanoToncoin][nano]-level precision can be very expensive, so the approximation given by this function is often good enough.
```

> This function can be useful when the outgoing message depends heavily on the structure of the incoming message, so much so that you cannot fully predict the fee using [`getForwardFee(){:tact}`](#getforwardfee) alone. Even if you could, calculating the exact fee with [nanoToncoin][nano]-level precision can be very expensive, so the approximation given by this function is often good enough.

Reviewer 2: > So much so that you cannot fully predict ... Even if you could ...

You can actually predict any forward fee, It is just very expensive, due to the need of opwning and traversing all cells. So originalFwdFee is used, when the outcoming message is less or equal to incoming one, just to cheaply estimate the fee.

(Maybe let's add a warning, that estimating fee like this, when outcoming message may become bigger than incoming is a potential issue/vulnerability)
